= HasMaintenanceMode

HasMaintenanceMode is a rails plugin for controlling access to specific controllers, based on a simple config file.

It makes it easy to block access to parts of your site that are undergoing maintenance.  
With this plugin, you can keep parts of your site up and running, while shutting down access to controller actions 
that would access your database while it is "under construction".

== Usage

Add the has_maintenance_mode directive to any controller that you want to limit.

  class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base

    has_maintanence_mode :url=>{:controller=>'page', :action=>'under_construction'}
    
    ...
  end

You can also add typical before_filter conditionals:

  class SomethingController < ActionController::Base

    has_maintanence_mode :url=>{:controller=>'page', :action=>'maintenance_show'}, :only=>[:show]
    
    ...
  end

== Configuration

HasMaintenanceMode uses a simple yaml config file:  RAILS_ROOT/config/maintenance_modes.yml

There is an example file in the plugin directory, for reference.

The format is simple... the plugin expects a hash with keys that match the names of the controllers that you are limiting.
If the value for a key is :under_construction, then the plugin will engage the maintenance mode for the entire controller.

You can also supply a hash of controller actions, and corresponding settings, for the value... ie:
{ :something_controller => {:show=>:normal, :new=>:under_construction} }

If you want to set all controllers, you can use the :all key... ie:
{ :all => :normal } or { :all => :under_construction }


== Credits

HasMaintenanceMode was created, and is maintained by {Joshua Krall}[http://github.com/jkrall].  More info at {Transparent Development}[http://transfs.com/devblog], the {Transparent Financial Services}[http://transfs.com] development blog.

